it used marshall is today
their new life of rationing yours
so if you follow me
either on land or facebook hinse
twitter you may already have that
I had a great experience
last weekend is actually I was
guest thanks to lacoste become in
she provides iron to experience
a really golden event and I am
very happy to tell you everything in fact
I have a very long day of arms in
skin to share with you
then to site just to den osse
a little more insight for you
explain a little exactly what I
did little then I was invited to
last wagon earlier and I of the guests
thanks to the cause as I said then
April 11
I'm here she's just usa has them and them
axes in los angeles to do this thing
so I got to her and to
los angeles airport on friday
morning and as soon as that moment has started
our low withdrawal was really in
retirement
a trip to cars at porn springs where
are the lacoste clothes
so I was with three others
bloggers bloggers bloggers to each other
white 2 it was the ones in blocks that
would be called retained that I you
advise frankly and also there is
kit that makes a blog but the
player has for men
realization and the third to the
last it was grunt there is a blogger
but it makes it makes a bla
where they show pictures he
photographers and videographers he makes
pictures of videos in gold on style of
young people who make trips really
I love his style
so we started our other with
breasts margats he has the best
markers of the world in my opinion and then we
went to pump springs and all the
day we took pictures of desert
to score zero because of a pot all
it was really a great experience
even though there is a lot of that a lot of
wind what but it's been 3 hours up
pau springs not too far from
the lacoste event and tonight I
a lot of sleep because I was exhausted
after traveling by car language to mandate
car what and then the next day
it was the first day of the party
the post office was frankly just too much
pretty big champion but here's a
large space with a pool and medea
food trucks I think
thanandy food trucks then but
frankly it was in experience that I
will have for all married then there is
bloggers and bloggers
famous ati but really and some
people who were invited but frankly
whaou
there is a dj and everything but you will see on
the video that it was really a
experience
so then whose event I talked about
with other bloggers and for me
it was the most expensive thing in my case
even if one of the famous ethics at
that I have spoken to me
meet blogs
that I admire a lot it's
really the dream so I met
amy yang song of style seven players of
seigneuries john bales blogger that
I already mentioned nathalie nathalie
f2i but frankly debate cruising bar
who is a youtube ous asian but
who makes videos about fashion
but all too well so it was really
something low two days ago at
level of the famous ati because I
know well that you want to know
whom I met or saw
there are lea michele
jonathan groff getty paris is dead
roberte who dow jones sisters jenner
who else bah me I do not even have you
all famous said because
it was funny because we were
all together it was not the
people
do not have too many males pathé what is it
that I mean
good wind and all set the same
from the same space was not something like
the famous ones and they will have arrived all
the world is coming home
well it was not like that it's really
relaxed going on being too cool down g20
I swam a little in the pool
it was very very very hot
say
three roofs what you want
to say 33 degrees it's really but
really it's experience and the
video during the hand comes from him says
so I hope you will like it this
peace in as much as it is there then
that's all I'm saying for the moment
to and more coming soon bye months